Update media file type (#841)
Shopify/hydrogen: packages/hydrogen/src/components/MediaFile/README.md

## Props

| Name     | Type                                                                                             | Description                                                          |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| data     | <code>MediaImageMedia &#124; ModelViewerMedia &#124; ExternalVideoMedia &#124; VideoMedia</code> | A [Media object](/api/storefront/reference/products/media).          |

> | options? | <code>UndocumentedType &#124; UndocumentedType</code>                                            | The options for the `Image`, `Video`, or `ExternalVideo` components. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| options? | <code>React.ComponentProps<typeof Video>['options'] | React.ComponentProps<typeof ExternalVideo>['options'] | React.ComponentProps<typeof Image>['options']</code>                                            | The options for the `Image`, `Video`, or `ExternalVideo` components. |
```
